README.md, before:

# project-late
Log Analysis Tool and Engineering (LATE) is an experimental project created to help people all around globe to analyse and format huge set of logs been generated from any system.

Author : Kiran Puranik

License Terms : Log Analysis Tool and Engineering [LATE] is an experimental tool designed by keeping in mind it shall provide positive benefits to its user. This tool is not tested properly and hence, surely will contain unattended bugs. Author will not be responsible for any harmful action happened by installing or using this tool or its any of the components in any of the user machine. So, please use this tool by your own risk.

This tool is designed using Qt open-source framework, version number 5.4.2. All the license terms and conditions applicable to Qt framework will be applicable to this tool also. Hence, author will automatically assume that, user has agreed for all the license terms and conditions of Qt framework will be applicable to him/her by installing or using this tool by any means. To read more about Qt framework and its licensing terms and conditions, please visit http://www.qt.io/licensing/.

This tool has also used freely available icons from https://www.iconfinder.com website. Hence author will assume that user has agreed for all the license terms and conditions applicable for Iconfinder.com, will be automatically applicable to him/her who installs this tool or uses this tool by any means.

If you are not ready to agree upon any of the above mentioned license terms and conditions, please do not use this tool or any components bundled with this tool.


Usage:
To download LATE, run command 

	# git clone https://github.com/gkiranp/project-late.git

To install LATE tool into your system,
	
	# cd build_late_v1_0_debian_X86/
	
     - and run install.sh 
     
	# ./install.sh
     
     This shall automatically take care of your installation


If you found any issue while installation or running this tool, please feel free to write to me on gkiranp@gmail.com.


Since, this tool is in its initial stages, there can be unexpected behaviours. Please feel free to reach me ot for any kind of help.

Commit message:

validating README with latest updates

README.md, after:

# project-late
Log Analysis Tool and Engineering (LATE) is an experimental project created to help people all around globe to analyse and format huge set of logs been generated from any system.

Author : Kiran Puranik

Updates:
Mar 01,2016 : I am going open source !!
I have committed source code to GitHub. Now you can download source code of my project-late, and free to play with it.

License Terms : Log Analysis Tool and Engineering [LATE] is an experimental tool designed by keeping in mind it shall provide positive benefits to its user. This tool is not tested properly and hence, surely will contain unattended bugs. Author will not be responsible for any harmful action happened by installing or using this tool or its any of the components in any of the user machine. So, please use this tool by your own risk.

This tool is designed using Qt open-source framework, version number 5.4.2. All the license terms and conditions applicable to Qt framework will be applicable to this tool also. Hence, author will automatically assume that, user has agreed for all the license terms and conditions of Qt framework will be applicable to him/her by installing or using this tool by any means. To read more about Qt framework and its licensing terms and conditions, please visit http://www.qt.io/licensing/.

This tool has also used freely available icons from https://www.iconfinder.com website. Hence author will assume that user has agreed for all the license terms and conditions applicable for Iconfinder.com, will be automatically applicable to him/her who installs this tool or uses this tool by any means.

If you are not ready to agree upon any of the above mentioned license terms and conditions, please do not use this tool or any components bundled with this tool.


Usage:
To download LATE, run command 

	# git clone https://github.com/gkiranp/project-late.git

To install LATE tool into your system,
	
	# cd build_late_v1_0_debian_X86/
	
     - and run install.sh 
     
	# ./install.sh
     
     This shall automatically take care of your installation


If you found any issue while installation or running this tool, please feel free to write to me on gkiranp@gmail.com.


Since, this tool is in its initial stages, there can be unexpected behaviours. Please feel free to reach me ot for any kind of help.
